Update README.md (#47)
StarPlayrX/bigmac: README.md

Big Sur macOS 11 Mac Pro patcher.

Before you start please read the [Requirements](#requirements) section. Thank you!

### The 5 Most Common Issues
1. User did not disable SIP using El Capitan macOS 10.11 or newer Recovery OS to execute this simple command: `csrutil disable`
2. ... did not set boot arguments to at least: `nvram boot-args"-no_compat_check"`
3. (Early 2008 Mac Pro / Early 2008 Xserve only) These machines has an incompatible Bluetooth 2.0 (BT2.0+EDR Card) that causes a kernal panic. Future versions will disable the card via sofware and only for Big Sur. 802.11ac / BT4 Combo cards and adapters are cheap, plus you'll get AirDrop and Handoff support.
4. ... did not read this entire readme file. I try to cover every possible angle and I update this page when new issues are discovered. 
5. ... did not read existing open issues before posting a new issue. I keep a good portion open that are the most common issues found and solved. Issues have a way of repeating themselves. If it's a repeat, more than likely you'll find the correct answer there.

> ## 🍔 bigmac1.1

Reviewer: I prefer one # here

Author: The one I suggested is a subtitle and it needs to be `##`

> ## 🍔 bigmac1.1

Reviewer: Keep one #

> <img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="45%">

Reviewer: The image is responsive and looks bad on phones at 45%. This needs to remain 100%

Author: But this is too big on Macs and other PCs. I will change it.
```suggestion
<img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="60%">
```

> <img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="45%">

Reviewer: Keep at 100%, 45% is too small on the iPhone app. The image is responsive. If you can figure out how to do 100% on mobile and 50% then will accept.

Author: > Keep at 100%, 45% is too small on the iPhone app. The image is responsive.

I have been tested on an Android device with a GitHub mobile app and it seems to be OK
Result: The image is fitting on my Android device excluding on the Web.
Also, I tested on iOS Simulator, and yeah, I think it needs to be changed...
I think 80% may be better.
```suggestion
<img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="80%">
```

* Includes all latest patches like USB1.1 device support, Airdrop and more!
* Added a new Startup Disk tool to the repo. Created by StarPlayrX.
* Packaged in our classic v1.0 installer format
* A Big Mac is better than a New Mac. Please donate to [NiceMac LLC](https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=M3U48FLF87SXQ)

> ## 🍔 bigmac2.0 is coming soon

Reviewer: keep it #

Author: The one I suggested is a subtitle and it needs to be `##`

> ## 🍔 bigmac2.0 is coming soon

Reviewer: keep it #

Author: The one I suggested is a subtitle and it needs to be `##`

> ## 🍔 bigmac2.0 is coming soon

Reviewer: Leave at # and leave the ice cream in there.

> <img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac2f.png" width="45%">

Reviewer: keep it 100%

Author: But this is too big on Macs and other PCs. I will change it.
```suggestion
<img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="60%">
```

> <img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac2f.png" width="45%">

Reviewer: Leave at 100%

Author: > Leave at 100%

I have been tested on an Android device with a GitHub mobile app and it seems to be OK
Result: The image is fitting on my Android device excluding on the Web.
Also, I tested on iOS Simulator, and yeah, I think it needs to be changed...
I think 80% may be better.
```suggestion
<img src="https://swift4me.com/images/splash/bigmac1f.png" width="80%">
```

* Improved Boot Screen Support

## Requirements 

> * Mac Pro 2008 - 2012 or Xserve 2008 or later (It is not recommended to try it out on a supported Mac.)

Reviewer: Leave this as is. some tasks can be run on a supported Mac. the preinstall and post installs works on a supported Mac and that disk can be cloned.

just BigMac.sh checks right now and those checks may be removed in bigmac2

> * SIP, a.k.a. System Integrity Protection, must be disabled otherwise the patches will **never** fully function. To do so:

Reviewer: Never is a strong word use may not instead

Author: ```suggestion
* SIP, a.k.a. System Integrity Protection, must be disabled otherwise the patches might not fully function. To do so:
```

7. Select the volume containing the bootable installer. Then click the up arrow or press Return. 
8. Choose your language, if prompted.
9. Open the Terminal.
10. Execute `/Volumes/bigmac/preinstall.sh`, and quit Terminal.
11. Select Install macOS Big Sur from the Utilities window, then click Continue and follow the onscreen instructions.

> Legacy USB 2.0 for keyboard and mouse devices is never working. If you leave them plugged into a USB 2.0 port, they will work. If you disconnect them, they won't reconnect. This is a problem with Big Sur which Apple introduced on their own. A workaround is use a USB3.0 PCIe card but this only works when the system is booted, not from a cold start. USB 3.0 hubs plugged into a USB 2.0 port may also work. A patch may be implemented to take care of this issue.

Reviewer: please do not use never. It is too strong of a word.

Author: ```suggestion
Legacy USB 2.0 for keyboard and mouse devices is not working. If you leave them plugged into a USB 2.0 port, they will work. If you disconnect them, they won't reconnect. This is a problem with Big Sur which Apple introduced on their own. A workaround is use a USB3.0 PCIe card but this only works when the system is booted, not from a cold start. USB 3.0 hubs plugged into a USB 2.0 port may also work. A patch may be implemented to take care of this issue.
```

Note: Option boot using a boot screen requires a keyboard in directly into the machine and not a PCIe card. Bluebooth keyboards do not catch up in time and PCIe cards don't work without an OS. There used to be a a Bluetooth fix in NVRAM for this. If I locate the fix, I will update.

## BigMac's Workflow in a Nut Shell 🥜

> 1. Workflow -> [Download Big Sur](http://swcdn.apple.com/content/downloads/00/55/001-86606-A_9SF1TL01U7/5duug9lar1gypwunjfl96dza0upa854qgg/InstallAssistant.pkg) -> Create USB Installer (`sudo /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Big\ Sur.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/MyVolume`)

Reviewer: BigMac.sh already handles the download. The link should not be in a public facing page. This violates Apple's policy and can cause BigMac to get shutdown.

## BigMac's Workflow in a Nut Shell 🥜
1. Workflow -> Download Big Sur -> Create USB Installer
1. Workflow -> [Download Big Sur](http://swcdn.apple.com/content/downloads/00/55/001-86606-A_9SF1TL01U7/5duug9lar1gypwunjfl96dza0upa854qgg/InstallAssistant.pkg) -> Create USB Installer (`sudo /Applications/Install\ macOS\ Big\ Sur.app/Contents/Resources/createinstallmedia --volume /Volumes/MyVolume`)
2. Create your unpatched USB installer disk with bigmac on another partiton with `./bigmac.sh`

> 3. Execute `cd ~/Downloads/bigmac.master`

Reviewer: I prefer cd on all commands right now.

This is going to be simpler in bigmac 2 but I prefer cd and running the commands properly even though BigMac compensates for this. I don't want to encourage commands without what is already there. to me it's clearly breaking up cd and the command especially if running more than on command out of the same folder which often happens on a reboot when executing from a full OS.

> 3. Execute `~/Downloads/bigmac.master/bigmac.sh`

Reviewer: I really prefer cd so users can use ls -a to see the contents. Not every script runs properly without cd even though bigmac1.1 compensates for it.

4. Execute `./bigmac.sh`
5. Reboot -> hold down OPTION key -> macOS Big Sur Installer
6. Workflow -> Boot USB -> Preinstall.sh -> Install -> Postinstall.sh
7. Boot the USB installer, from its Terminal type:
8. Execute `cd /Volumes/bigmac`
9. Execute `./preinstall.sh`
10. Wait for the install is fully completed (hint: it takes 3 stages to complete.)
11. Boot the USB installer, from its Terminal type:
12. Execute `cd /Volumes/bigmac`
13. Execute `./postinstall.sh`
3. Execute `~/Downloads/bigmac.master/bigmac.sh`
4. Reboot -> hold down OPTION key -> macOS Big Sur Installer
5. Workflow -> Boot USB -> Preinstall.sh -> Install -> Postinstall.sh
6. Boot the USB installer, from its Terminal type:
7. Execute `/Volumes/bigmac/preinstall.sh`
8. Wait for the install is fully completed (hint: it takes 3 stages to complete.)
9. Boot the USB installer, from its Terminal type:
10. Execute `/Volumes/bigmac/postinstall.sh`

### Pre Install Track, Before you open the Big Sur Installer (Works with All Macs)
1. Boot up the Install macOS Big Sur USB Disk (Don't have it? Execute `sudo ./bigmac.sh`).

> 2. Execute `cd /Volumes/bigmac`.

Reviewer: I prefer cd and splitting up the commands.

2. Because the preinstall script runs in memory, do not attempt run the preinstall twice in the same boot session. This will cause major delays when opening the Big Sur install app/task.

### How to turn off System Integrity Protection (this is now built into preinstall.sh)
1. Open Terminal in the booted recovery disk (and possibly external USB Big Sur USB installer disks made with `createinstallmedia`).

> 2. Execute `csrutil disable; csrutil authenticated-root disable` (can only be done from Big Sur Recovery disks).

Reviewer: do not combine these commands. Only csrutil authenticated-root disable needs to be done on Big Sur recovery or USB Installer disks.

Author: Both `csrutil disable` and `csrutil authenticated-root` needs to be executed from the Recovery OS.
